TODO.md, before:

# TODO

## App

- [ ] New project lorauna-app
- [ ] React native initialisieren
- [ ] Logo vektorisieren
- [ ] Gestaltung festlegen
- [ ] Implementation Graphql client
- [ ] Publikation

## Business

- [ ] Send bill for materiald, worklog and IoT data (27.-/h)

## Major

- [ ] Fix delete old temperature entries
- [ ] Update data viz with week, month, season view

## Feature

- [ ] Swipe to refetch temperatures
- [ ] -1 Knopf hinzufügen

## API

- [x] Integration Temperatur abfrage Aaare

## Sensor

- [ ] Neuer Sensor bauen
- [ ] Integration neue Sauna

## Design

- [ ] Set header margin for edit views

## Bug

## Minor

- [ ] Separate Sauna and Sauna Landscape
- [ ] Replace divs with fragments
- [ ] Configure Logging
    https://www.apollographql.com/docs/apollo-server/features/metrics.html

# Done

- [x] Write offer for new features
- [x] Refactor api code
- [x] Refactor components from LabTrail
- [x] Send bill
- [x] Enable waiting list -> Show besucher 31/31 Warteliste: 12
- [x] Add +/-5 button
- [x] Erfassen Sauna sprüche
- [x] Quote update does not close when saved or canceled
- [x] Chart ticks not shown -> Do not upgrade chart.js and react-chartkick
- [x] Benachrichtigung ändern
- [x] Refactor navigation - copy from labtrail
- [-] Configure Apollo Engine
    https://engine.apollographql.com/account/gh.janikvonrotz/new/lorauna-api?previousUrl=%2Faccount%2Fgh.janikvonrotz%2Fservices
- [-] Restrict access to api with jwt token in header
    https://blog.apollographql.com/authorization-in-graphql-452b1c402a9
- [-] Fix menu offset
- [x] Auto scale input fields
- [x] Merge into mono repo lorauna/{app,api}
- [x] deploy lorauna-api with now 2.0
- [x] Bug: Enable routes in now.json
- [x] update to now 2, deploy as static deployment for lorauna
- [x] Add 100% message rule
- [x] Add temperature property to the sauna
- [x] Delete old temperature data
- [x] show visitor statistics
- [x] Bug: Revert sort of temperaturs
- [x] Fix translations
- [x] Implement feedback by Mario
- [x] show temperature statistics
- [x] Resolve data not empty bug with the Notification components
- [x] Update favicon and app title
- [x] Limit the visitor log
- [x] Update settings and sauna edit page
- [x] Make snackbar a separate comonent and enable the autohide method with a onClose trigger
    https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/essentials/local-state.html

Commit message:

filter sauna 2 from temperature list

TODO.md, after:

# TODO

## App

- [ ] New project lorauna-app
- [ ] React native initialisieren
- [ ] Logo vektorisieren
- [ ] Gestaltung festlegen
- [ ] Implementation Graphql client
- [ ] Publikation

## Business

- [ ] Send bill for materiald, worklog and IoT data (27.-/h)

## Major

- [ ] Add Home page with new feature
- [ ] Filter temperature by Sauna
- [ ] Fix delete old temperature entries
- [ ] Update data viz with week, month, season view

## Feature

- [ ] Swipe to refetch temperatures
- [ ] -1 Knopf hinzufügen

## API

- [x] Integration Temperatur abfrage Aaare

## Sensor

- [ ] Neuer Sensor bauen
- [ ] Integration neue Sauna

## Design

- [ ] Set header margin for edit views

## Bug

## Minor

- [ ] Do not filter temperature hardcoded
- [ ] Separate Sauna and Sauna Landscape
- [ ] Replace divs with fragments
- [ ] Configure Logging
    https://www.apollographql.com/docs/apollo-server/features/metrics.html

# Done

- [x] Write offer for new features
- [x] Refactor api code
- [x] Refactor components from LabTrail
- [x] Send bill
- [x] Enable waiting list -> Show besucher 31/31 Warteliste: 12
- [x] Add +/-5 button
- [x] Erfassen Sauna sprüche
- [x] Quote update does not close when saved or canceled
- [x] Chart ticks not shown -> Do not upgrade chart.js and react-chartkick
- [x] Benachrichtigung ändern
- [x] Refactor navigation - copy from labtrail
- [-] Configure Apollo Engine
    https://engine.apollographql.com/account/gh.janikvonrotz/new/lorauna-api?previousUrl=%2Faccount%2Fgh.janikvonrotz%2Fservices
- [-] Restrict access to api with jwt token in header
    https://blog.apollographql.com/authorization-in-graphql-452b1c402a9
- [-] Fix menu offset
- [x] Auto scale input fields
- [x] Merge into mono repo lorauna/{app,api}
- [x] deploy lorauna-api with now 2.0
- [x] Bug: Enable routes in now.json
- [x] update to now 2, deploy as static deployment for lorauna
- [x] Add 100% message rule
- [x] Add temperature property to the sauna
- [x] Delete old temperature data
- [x] show visitor statistics
- [x] Bug: Revert sort of temperaturs
- [x] Fix translations
- [x] Implement feedback by Mario
- [x] show temperature statistics
- [x] Resolve data not empty bug with the Notification components
- [x] Update favicon and app title
- [x] Limit the visitor log
- [x] Update settings and sauna edit page
- [x] Make snackbar a separate comonent and enable the autohide method with a onClose trigger
    https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/essentials/local-state.html
